[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Heidi Hollis is with us, an
author who named, defined,
and trademarked the terms
shadow people and hat man.
She is also an occupational
therapist and host
of "Dark Becomes Light" which
is on the "Coast to Coast AM
Paranormal Podcast Network."
Heidi, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>HEIDI HOLLIS: Oh.
Thank you so much, George.
It's great to be
here with you again.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
I should say welcome back.
How long has it been?
>>HOLLIS: I thought it
was close to 10 years
since I've been here,
but I'm not sure.
>>NOORY: That's a long time.
>>HOLLIS: That's a while.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: How did you coin the
phrase shadow man and hat man.
>>HOLLIS: Well, shadow
people were something
I just tossed out there
because I got tired of always
describing it to my friends
and family about what it was I
was seeing.
So I'm just like, "They're
like shadow people."
And it's just a blanket
name to go over all of it.
>>NOORY: And you trademarked it.
So when you hear the word
shadow people, and hat man,
do you cringe?
>>HOLLIS: When I hear--
>>NOORY: From other people?
>>HOLLIS: Well, I'm
proud to know, thanks
to being a regular on
Coast to Coast AM with you,
that people are aware
of what's going on
so they don't feel alone.
But I cringe when I
hear about people aiming
to conjure these things
up or other people saying,
"I'm the expert on
this, and they're
telling the wrong things."
And people know it came from me.
But it's been getting
distorted because I don't
know what this whole flex is.
>>NOORY: Something
is going on, right?
>>HOLLIS: It is and really, it
breaks my heart because it's
causing harm out there.
So that's one of the
reasons why I trademarked
shadow people and hat man.
And I had to prove it came
from me so the copyright speaks
for itself.
But yeah, it really
was quite a process
and I wanted to pull it
in so people understood
when they hear those two names,
this is the meaning of it.
This is where I'm
going and this is how
it's supposed to help others.
It's been difficult to see
how it's become out there
sometimes.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about
shadow people for a little bit.
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
>>NOORY: First of all,
what is a shadow person?
>>HOLLIS: So it's
never been a person.
It's never been human.
Sometimes people think that
these are a shadow of a ghost
or something.
That is not what
shadow people are.
They are something
that can change form
to look like a shadow
streak or a shadow cloud.
>>NOORY: Devious?
>>HOLLIS: Oh man,
nothing positive.
That's for sure.
Yeah, very negative.
Demonic, dare I say, but
not quite from here either.
>>NOORY: What do they want?
>>HOLLIS: They want
whatever they can get.
They love to feed
off from negativity.
off from whatever
it is that makes a person
tick, to be honest.
So they hold souls
in haunted locations.
If there's a haunting
going on, usually you'll
see one of them lurking around.
And they really aim to create
a lot of havoc in the world.
>>NOORY: And what you
see is a shadow, right?
Whisking by
>>HOLLIS: You can see
something like that.
And you can also see
something more definitive
that looks like a hulky man
with its head directly connected
to its shoulders.
>>NOORY: But as a shadow?
>>HOLLIS: But as a shadow.
And if you see its eyes,
they're usually slanted
and they glow red.
So glow.
>>NOORY: Now, what
about the hat man?
>>HOLLIS: Now, the
hat man, when I first
introduced that
topic on your show,
I thought he was more
of a shadow being.
I thought that this was just
another form that they took.
>>NOORY: With a top hat.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
Well, he changes his hat or
he doesn't wear a hat at all
but he can step out
from the shadows
and you can see his skin.
You could see if
he's clean shaven.
You could see how his hair is.
I mean, so he can change but
he is the epitome of evil.
And he wears a three-piece
suit, sometimes a trench coat.
Sometimes a cape.
And he talks.
Shadow people,
they might whisper.
You might hear a
moaning or something.
But hat man, I wouldn't
recommend engaging with him
but if you talk to
him and he talks back,
you wish that you
never spoke to him.
>>NOORY: The hat man have form?
>>HOLLIS: He does.
And I mean, he is as
dark as they come.
And if you ask him who
he is, he will tell you
he's the devil himself.
And God forbid he smiles.
He looks like something
worse than a shark's teeth.
>>NOORY: How did you come
across these entities
in the first place?
>>HOLLIS: The very first time--
I thought this was the very
first time but it turned out it
wasn't.
And apparently, they'd wreaked
havoc in my life before.
But the very first
time I saw a shadow
being following a friend
of mine and myself
walking in broad daylight.
I didn't know what I was seeing.
She didn't see it.
She kept walking.
And by the end of our walk in
broad daylight, I asked her.
I said, "Look, I don't
know what I just saw,
but I saw this
thing following us."
And I showed a drawing of
the head and shoulder shadow.
I just quickly drew it
out and she looks at it
and I'm thinking she's
going to think I'm nuts.
And instead she goes,
"Oh, that thing.
I don't know.
It's been following
me since I was a kid."
>>NOORY: What about you?
>>HOLLIS: For myself, my
home that I grew up in soon
after my mother
passed became haunted.
And everybody is like,
"Oh it's your mother.
Why would my mother try to
scare her very young children?
No."
I didn't think about
this for many years,
about this haunting
that we dealt with.
But when I thought of the thing
that attacked my stepbrother,
it was black with glowing red
eyes and it scratched his face.
And again, it was
broad daylight and--
>>NOORY: Scratched it badly?
>>HOLLIS: It looked like cat
scratches all over his face.
And I'm like, wow,
they were there then
and I just never
thought about it.
But everywhere I
moved, I had a problem.
Every place, something
was knocking, or moving,
or shifting, and shadowy.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
What do they want?
What do the shadow people want?
What is the hat man want?
>>HOLLIS: Well, the shadow
people work for the hat man.
They're like a minion.
We make cartoons
out of these things
but a minion is something that
follows something super evil,
and hat man is absolutely evil.
He is something that he
wants the soul of people,
and it sounds so cliche.
It sounds so ridiculous.
But from the beginning
of time we've
been talking about
good versus bad.
And now, it has come to us.
It has stepped
out of the shadows
quite literally to direct
other negative things to go out
and to essentially taunt and
torture people until they just
have no more fight.
But hat man, when
he steps forward,
it's at the point where when
he's there after the person,
I believe that the person
is somebody really special
that he wants.
And he could come
once in 40 years
or come every
night for 40 years.
And if he puts his
attention towards somebody,
he tries to get them to the
point of literally saying,
"I can't take this fear anymore.
I give up."
And right when they say
that, he will take his fist
and punch it through
their chest and try
to rip their soul from them.
So it's disgusting,
what he does.
>>NOORY: Are shadow
people what we see
whisking by the
corner of our eye?
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
And a lot of people are
like, "I see this thing.
And why is it more off
to my peripheral vision?
Why can't I see them head on?"
Well, you can see them head on.
You won't like
what you see but we
have a more of a sensitivity
in our peripheral vision.
It's like that fight or
flight type of response.
If a ball is coming your
way, you see that sooner.
And I think that's
why a lot of people
are witnessing shadow people
from the corners of their eyes
more.
>>NOORY: You write comic books.
>>HOLLIS: Yes, I do a
paranormal comic strip
it's called "The Outlander."
And I pull from all
the different types
of things that go on in the
world from Bigfoot, to ghosts,
and poke some fun at it.
Because so many times people
talk about these topics
and they feel like they have
to talk with a flashlight
under their chin
and be so serious.
And all I ever wanted
to be growing up
was to be a comic strip artist.
And yeah, that's it.
>>NOORY: You got that.
>>HOLLIS: I did.
Well, yeah, and
having the opportunity
to blend all the things that
I do into what I love doing,
helping people in
the paranormal realm.
>>NOORY: Well, we've got some
stills of some of your work.
Let's take a look at
what we've got here.
>>HOLLIS: OK.
>>NOORY: And you
can describe for it.
What are we looking at here?
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
So these are the
different forms that I
guess you could say like
the one up in the left hand
corner, that's a shadow people.
That's a head and
shoulder shadow.
And then there's this
grim reaper type of thing.
People assume are another
type that shadow people take
but no, they're not.
And then this alien shadow.
I get a lot of people
saying, "I saw a shadow
being but it had a hood on."
And I'm like, "Well,
that's not a shadow being.
That's an alien
that wears a hood."
But they have very round
eyes and they're bright red.
And there's another
form that hat man takes
right there where
it's got the top hat
and he'll wear a trench coat.
I mean, a cape usually
when he's got the top hat.
And he could change up
his outfit sometimes
when he's looking like that.
But the typical hat man,
it's the trench coat,
three-piece suit.
You might see a chain
watch on his hip.
And one of his favorite
hats is the gaucho hat.
And then the shadow spiders
which George, those things
were the worst for me.
>>NOORY: Those are scary.
>>HOLLIS: Man.
I mean--
>>NOORY: I hate spiders.
>>HOLLIS: Gosh.
I swear to you, George.
They can be the size of a--
it took up my whole
ceiling one time.
And other times,
tons of little ones.
OK.
So this is a form.
This is from my book--
>>NOORY: Scaring the death
out of that guy, right?
>>HOLLIS: Yes, a little kid.
Hat man loves to
mess with children
and it is absolutely
infuriating to me.
And it's like, how are you going
to sit there and scare a kid?
But hat man has no boundaries.
>>NOORY: Even the
frog is scared.
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
Yes.
Now, this is a
typical shadow being.
This is like a head and
shoulder shadow type and they
work to get them to be less--
how can I say?
Reduce your human potential
because you're in such fear.
I mean, what do you do?
You're paralyzed.
His arms are out to the side.
He can't respond.
And just to scare and put
that pressure on his chest
so he feels like
he can't breathe.
And his eyes are turning red.
And just absolutely paralyzed.
That is so typical of
hat man or shadow people.
>>NOORY: Do these entities
generally approach somebody
in their bedrooms?
>>HOLLIS: That is one
of the most common ways
but it's not the only way.
But it is one of the ways
that they break a person down.
And I like to tell people, it's
like I don't know what to do.
I'm so terrified.
How do I get over this?
And I'm like, think about your
human potential, first off.
They have to paralyze you.
Come in the middle of the night
when you're dead asleep and--
>>NOORY: Wake you up.
>>HOLLIS: Well,
yeah, wake you up.
But it's like they've
got you pinned
in this most vulnerable state.
And then they're like,
"Oh, now I got you."
I mean, what a way to go.
What a cowardice way.
>>NOORY: What invites them
in, in the first place?
>>HOLLIS: A lot of
people are like, "Oh,
one time I played
with a Ouija board.
Oh my goodness.
I used to do drugs.
Or I was drunk the first time."
And there's a lot
of different ways
that people can attract
these things to themselves.
>>NOORY: Putting guards down.
>>HOLLIS: They can.
But guess what?
The number one thing
that I'm finding
what attracts them are
people who are artistic,
who are very insightful, who may
have different abilities, even
a little bit psychic.
So I find that they're trying
to get those people to shut down
who they really are by
putting them in fear
and like saying, "I
don't want to see this.
I don't want to
experience this."
So they're blocking off
that part of themselves
because what they're
seeing is not good.
>>NOORY: Do they enter
people's dream states, Heidi?
>>HOLLIS: They do.
>>NOORY: Oh God.
>>HOLLIS: They do indeed.
Once the person is feeling like
they can't take it anymore,
or they've gone and
done this blessing
that I tell people to do to
try to get rid of these things.
They'll infiltrate
their nightmares.
And imagine that you're
having a nightmare
and you wake up
like, "Oh, thank God.
I'm done with that nightmare."
And it's in your room.
So it's just another mind game.
They're trying to find
what your weaknesses are
by instilling those nightmares.
>>NOORY: If you're going to
have an encounter with a shadow
person or the hat man,
which would it be?
>>HOLLIS: Shadow people
are a lot easier.
Hat man is something
that will really
change your whole way of
thinking from this reality.
>>NOORY: They want
your soul, don't they?
>>HOLLIS: They do but hat man
really, really gets in there
and because he's solid.
He's not like shadow beings.
He can grab a hold of you, and
tell you things about yourself,
and throw you up against
the wall, and beat you.
>>NOORY: Are you glad you
discovered these things?
>>HOLLIS: Discover
is a strong word
because I experienced what
my friend was dealing with.
And it was like a contagion.
Suddenly, have shadow spiders.
And I didn't know what was going
on but I'm proud of the work
that I've done, and
bringing this awareness.
And a lot of people think I
just learned this on my own
but that's not the case.
And I know that's
something we're
going to talk about more
but learning the definitions
and what they're up
to, why they're here,
why they're doing
the things that they
are, that was taught to me.
And actually goes beyond
just this lifetime
that I remember agreeing to do
this work that I'm doing now.
>>NOORY: I remember
when you first
started talking about the
hat man and shadow people
on our program,
on our radio show,
and I'm listening to you
with the audience calling in.
And everybody is in fear
over these subject matters.
I mean, my God.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Scary as all get up.
>>HOLLIS: Oh yeah.
Now, when I first started
talking about these things,
I was told by the
beings that taught me
about him that this was going to
become a worldwide phenomenon.
And I would serve as a
person that would warn them
on what to do in case of.
So I knew it was coming.
I just didn't realize
until I got on your program
how widely it had
already spread.
And just the emails
started flooding in
and they haven't stopped since.
>>NOORY: It's everywhere.
>>HOLLIS: It is, yeah.
>>NOORY: These beings,
who sends them to us?
The devil.
>>HOLLIS: When we say
devil, these beings
don't come from here.
They come from another place.
>>NOORY: Dimension.
>>HOLLIS: You
could say dimension
but we have a light source.
Well, they have a dark source.
Now, this is
information that I was
told by these alien
beings that instructed me
on what these things were.
>>NOORY: Remember the movie
"Ghost" with the late Patrick
Swayze?
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Every time one of
those people in that movie
did something wrong,
some ghouls that
look like shadow
people or the hat man
would come out of
the sewer system,
or out of the
street, or somewhere
and try to grab
them and take them.
Is that what this is?
>>HOLLIS: When I think
about that movie,
I can't help but to think
that they experienced
these things themselves.
I mean, they didn't
just start because I
started talking about them.
Others had experienced them.
And I think that Hollywood often
reflects their personal life
stories as well.
So yeah, I think that's honestly
a minion of sorts for darkness.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: How do you get rid of
shadow people and the hat man?
>>HOLLIS: Well, that
is a process too.
I get a lot of
people who say, "I
don't get into that religious
crap but I just saw the devil."
And I'm like, "Hold on.
You don't get into that."
I said, "But you just
gave a biblical term
to something really evil."
I'm like, "Then
throw a shoe at it."
You have to go into this
calling in the light.
What you see and
feel is God to you.
I'm Christian so I
say, "In Jesus's name."
I do a blessing to go through.
>>NOORY: Does it work?
>>HOLLIS: It does.
And it's really methodical.
You have to go through your
home and bless it a certain way.
But I've had friends that
have different belief systems.
And again, calling on that
element that you feel is God.
That light source helps
to dispel, and disperse,
and keep them out of your home.
And it does work.
I don't get many
people writing me back
to say, "Can I do it again?
How do I do this?
Or how do I fix this again?"
But that's one of the
beauties of being able to be
in the position that I am.
If people have these
issues, they can contact me
and I could see what
it is that they did.
Why something didn't work,
but it is so very rare.
>>NOORY: Heidi,
where do ETs fit in?
>>HOLLIS: Well,
those fit in very,
very uniquely because
I'd seen some things.
I'd seen a lot of UFOs.
I've actually called down
big craft in the past.
>>NOORY: You've
summoned them down?
>>HOLLIS: I have.
I have and one time jokingly,
and it just dropped so quickly.
I didn't know it would
respond like that.
We hit the dirt.
Why did that happen?
So I had experienced stuff.
I'd seen a lot of big craft.
When it came to this alien being
that I learned the name was
Cafth, C-A-F-T-H.
It actually approached my
college roommate first.
And she was super
religious, Pentecostal.
All alien stuff is evil.
Don't talk to me
about that stuff.
Yeah.
And this being came
to her and started
talking to her to
the point that it
started speaking through her.
And I'm in college
and I'm witnessing.
This and I'm like,
"What on Earth?
What is going on here?"
And it showed itself
to me while she
was almost in this-- she called
it a meditative state that she
was in.
And when she was in
that state, this being
would speak through her.
And I'd witnessed
stuff like that
before because I had a
UFO group for 15 years.
>>NOORY: Yeah, you did.
A good one too.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
I had a good time with it.
And I learned so much.
And my friends that
were in that group,
I'd see them get regressed.
And sometimes when
they're talking
about their experiences, the
being would speak through them.
And so I witnessed this before.
But this is my super
religious Pentecostal
friend who was very much
like, "Don't talk to me
about this stuff at all."
So when this being
presented himself
and when it's speaking through
her, her accent reduced.
She had a Spanish accent.
And I was just enthralled.
I didn't know how to react.
And I was like,
"Who's speaking?"
And this being literally
said, "What you
would call an alien being."
And I'm trying to calm myself.
And I'm like--
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>HOLLIS: "Can you
show yourself?"
And I was thinking a craft
would show up or something.
And it said, "Well, we
can't do that anymore
because America had the
ability to shoot them down."
And I was like, "Oh, OK."
And then it said, "But hold on.
I think I can transmit
an image of myself."
And we're sitting
in my car, right?
And I am not kidding, the
car filled with this hum
and this pink
fleshy creature just
appeared between the two of us.
>>NOORY: It could be a
magnet for all this, Heidi.
>>HOLLIS: Oh, it's
stranger than that.
It's strange.
>>NOORY: Some of the
ETs are very benevolent.
They're good people.
Let's look at some of these,
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
Yeah, that's him.
>>NOORY: That's
your buddy, Kraft.
>>HOLLIS: Cafth.
Yeah, that's the one.
It's funny because
I made a crack once.
I'm like, "Oh, you look
similar to the greys."
Oh, he was so insulted.
>>NOORY: It looks like a grey.
>>HOLLIS: Well, he's got
more rounded features
and he's pinkish.
And he actually can
smile and use his mouth.
But yeah, he does
not care for what
the greys do on this
planet to say the least.
>>NOORY: Well, let's
look at our next picture.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
So this was another being
that came to my friend.
It was interesting because she
had an experience with this guy
and didn't tell me about it.
>>NOORY: Soforus?
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
And so when conversations
would change
to something more spiritual,
this being would show up.
Now, I didn't get a
chance to see him myself.
My friend got to see him but
this is how she describes him.
And he has these
little balls of light
that are supposed to
represent different souls.
>>NOORY: But these are
positive, upbeat alien, right?
>>HOLLIS: They speak of God.
They speak of there being a
conflict in alien contact.
They're the ones
that educated me
on the topic of shadow people--
>>NOORY: How does he help you?
>>HOLLIS: --and hat man.
Well, both of them--
OK.
So imagine, right after we
had this encounter with cafth
the very first time,
we're like, oh my gosh.
We could ask all the
questions to the universe.
It's like, OK, let's try this.
So my friend would get
into this meditative state
and see, let's push
that button again
and see if this being will talk.
And he would come through
and I'd ask a question.
And nine times out of 10
he'd say, "Well, it wouldn't
benefit you to know that."
It's like, "Well,
where are you at?"
"How would you know if
I told you the name?
You couldn't find it."
So I understood.
I'm in college and I started
throwing like odd questions
here and there.
And most of them were blocked.
And then I brought up
a weird dream I had.
And I said, "I had a dream
of the moon looking like it
was going to hit the planet."
And then a craft appeared and it
pulled the moon out of the way
so it wouldn't crash."
And this was the first
time I got an answer
from this being speaking
through my friend
to say, "Well, I'm not
in charge of dreams
but I'm going to tell you.
We saw what the shadows
were doing and bringing
the moon to the
planet to destroy it.
And we moved it out of the way."
And I said, "Hold on.
Shadows?
What are you talking about?"
And he's like, "Well, you tend
to call them shadow people,
we call them shadows.
And they have been a problem
throughout the universe.
And they come from
a dark source."
>>NOORY: Same thing.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
That's the same thing.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
And they spoke of this
having been a nuisance
and taking over many
types of beings.
Very much like how can they
say, how we get possessed.
You see the exorcists and
exorcisms that go on today.
Well, aliens have souls too and
they can be poorly influenced.
And this is how we
get some of this--
you wonder what's connecting
the different beings
and what they're doing.
So you've got the praying
mantis, you've got the greys,
you got reptilians.
And you're--
>>NOORY: Nordics.
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
And they're abducting and
they're doing horrible things
to people.
And you're like, "Well,
what's the common factor?"
And I had no idea.
And I was informed these
shadow beings are infiltrating,
and they have dominated,
and taken over some
of these beings that come here.
Not all of them
but a big majority.
And I said, "Well, how can
you tell the difference?"
And they told me and my
friend, "Well, their actions.
Are they causing harm?
Are they paralyzing you
like shadow people do?
Are they doing experiments
against your will?"
And I was like, "Oh, of course.
It makes sense."
>>NOORY: How many people do you
think know about shadow people?
>>HOLLIS: Oh gosh.
>>NOORY: And hat man.
>>HOLLIS: It's in the millions.
>>NOORY: It's growing, isn't it?
>>HOLLIS: It's in
the millions now.
And when I talk to people
about anything weird happening
in their lives, I
could walk into a room
and say, "Who here has
experienced something weird?"
And usually, it's a ghost.
And I'm like, "OK.
What did the ghosts look like?"
Nine times out of
10 it's hat man.
It's that common.
>>NOORY: That prevalent?
>>HOLLIS: It is that prevalent.
It's disappointing
because I didn't realize
it was this bad already.
But I'm upset that people
are thinking this is a game.
>>NOORY: Are governments
affected by these entities?
>>HOLLIS: I was told
that they influence
so many different areas.
That this is not--
>>NOORY: Oh, great.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
Again, it's like the devil
on one shoulder whispering
in your ear or the angel
on the other one that's
telling you different things.
>>NOORY: Heidi, Heidi.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah, right?
Which one are you
going to listen to?
And it seems so cliche.
It's like, "Oh, come on.
There couldn't be
something so rotten."
But you've got
millions of people
now, George, that
are saying exactly.
They know these names.
They know these terms.
And thanks to coming
on your program
and talking about this for
so long, people are aware.
But now, the way that people
are taking it, oh, maybe it's
a guardian angel.
This is a newer trend.
"Oh, he's just watching me.
He's not causing me any issues."
>>NOORY: These aren't
guardian angels.
>>HOLLIS: They are
not guardian angels.
And I said, "If hat man or
shadow people are just staring
at you, they're studying you.
They're trying to find a way in
to looking at your weaknesses.
>>NOORY: They want
to destroy you?
What's the goal?
The soul?
>>HOLLIS: It's the soul.
It's like, "Why do we try to
dominate over each other?"
Because they can.
It's a power.
>>NOORY: And they
can get away with it.
>>HOLLIS: They can
get away with it.
And now, seeing how
big and horrible it is,
something's got to be done.
And doing my best to
try to correct what's
been going on out there.
Because people are being told,
"Oh, if you drink some of this
or if you take this drug, you
could experience hat man."
And I'm like, "Oh no.
What is this?"
>>NOORY: They're
inviting hat man in?
>>HOLLIS: They are.
People are contacting me asking
how to conjure these things.
And I'm like, "Why
would you want something
like that in your life?
That makes no sense at all."
>>NOORY: That's crazy times.
>>HOLLIS: It is, but
it's because of some
of the people that are going
out there saying, "Well, I've
had enough stories sent to me.
I'm the authority on this.
I'm going to tell you
exactly what this is."
And I'm like, "No.
That is not correct."
And it breaks my heart
because people are coming
to me saying, "Oh my goodness.
I saw your show.
I saw your film."
I'm like, "I have none
of that out there.
Those are other people who have
pulled it and tried to make it
what they want it to be."
So that was why I had to
do the trademark because it
was getting so distorted.
>>NOORY: And how do
you bring it back home?
How do you get people to
accept the fact that there's
something really going on here?
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
Well, that's what I'm
doing one person at a time.
Doing "Dark Becomes
Light" the podcast.
Continuing to talk, continuing
to get on different programs,
trying to set the
record straight.
And it's not so clean cut where
people think this is the cutoff
line for shadow
people because they're
seeing right alongside of alien
beings, alien abductions, hat
man as well.
I actually got to
understand something.
Somebody showed me a carving
and I didn't know what it was.
And I was like,
"This is amazing.
Somebody did a great
carving of hat man,
the original form of him."
And my friends jaw
drops like, "Heidi."
And I asked who did it.
And I said, "That's ahriman.
Rudolf Steiner carved
that 100 years ago."
I had no idea.
>>NOORY: The phenomenon
he's been with us
since the beginning of time.
>>HOLLIS: It has been
around for a long time.
And interesting
enough Rudolf Steiner
said 100 years from when
he created that bust
of hat man, that ahriman.
He called him
ahriman, would come
to surface 100 years
from the time he made it.
And here I am discussing this.
And I mentioned that I remember
before this lifetime, and I do.
Not with hypnosis,
not through anything
else, but I remembered
agreeing to come
and be born during
this time period
to do the work that I'm doing.
And I've talked to a lot
of people, a lot of authors
and researchers.
And I'm like, "How
is this possible?
The spontaneous
recall like this.
And it's so rare, I guess."
But I remember the whole thing.
And the battle is real.
That's why I called my first
book, "The Secret War."
Because people think we're going
to see this glorified battle
in the skies.
But you go to bed at night--
>>NOORY: It's not angelic.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
And you go to bed at night and
you're battling for your life
personally.
>>NOORY: Have they
come after you, Heidi?
>>HOLLIS: Oh, they have.
They have.
>>NOORY: How have
you fought them off?
>>HOLLIS: As I
said, I'm Christian.
I use the name of Jesus
and it works on aliens too.
That I've tried.
>>NOORY: And it
works all the time?
>>HOLLIS: It has, yes.
It has.
>>NOORY: How do you
invoke the name?
>>HOLLIS: I say, "In Jesus's
name, get out of here.
You're not welcome."
>>NOORY: And they're
gone just like that?
>>HOLLIS: They leave, but
also in blessing my space.
Because when your guard is down,
you're sleeping, you're busy.
You're doing something
else and that's
when these things try
to sneak up on you,
and try to take advantage.
And it's really important that
you put your ethereal foot down
and bless your space.
And I keep my blessing with me.
What I bless my space
with is my cross necklace.
And I go through my
home and I protect it
that way because when
I've gone to work,
my patients have been attacked.
So I had to bring
the blessing with me
so it would keep its distance.
It's been a crazy battle.
But you know what?
I wouldn't have it any
other way but to be
doing what I'm doing now.
>>NOORY: Heidi, why
would some people
want to summon up the shadow
people and the hat man?
>>HOLLIS: People love
to be scared, George.
They really do.
And I think a lot of people are
really seeking something more
in this life.
They like to go out
into the graveyards
and do the strangest things.
And I have eight
books published.
Only three are on these topics
and all I get asked about
are the spooky stuff.
I have a book on Jesus.
I got angels and so
many different things.
>>NOORY: People like
the spooky stuff.
>>HOLLIS: They do.
>>NOORY: Do they believe it?
>>HOLLIS: They do, but they
like to have that something
to prove to them there's
more beyond this life.
Because people question
if they even have a soul.
>>NOORY: What kind of folks do
the entities contact generally?
>>HOLLIS: What kind of entities
do they contact, these people?
>>NOORY: What kind of people
are affected by these entities?
>>HOLLIS: I find the people that
are talented, artistic, gifted.
Those with synesthesia,
which is only like 1% to 4%
of the population.
And that's an element that shows
how we are evolving actually.
We have this crossing of
the senses in our brains
and this has been absolutely
scientifically proven,
that sometimes people
hear music and they
see lights or something,
or colors in the air.
And it's those people
that seem to be
able to see between
the lines and know
that something is going on.
And shadow beings don't like
to be seen because they're not
doing the job of hat man
properly if they're being seen.
So they might be confrontational
and charge right at you
if you spot them out.
And you get marked, I feel
too, because that's absolutely
what happened to me.
I saw it following
me and my friend.
And the next thing I know,
I'm seeing shadow spiders
wherever I went.
>>NOORY: Oh.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah, I know.
>>NOORY: Open up your
purse and there's
shadow spiders in there.
>>HOLLIS: Oh, terrible.
>>NOORY: We have a tape
of a client of yours
who talked about
how you helped them
deal with these dark entities.
>> Hi.
My name is Melissa
and Heidi Hollis
changed my life completely.
Prior to finding her
research and her work,
I was being attacked
almost every single night
by dark entities.
And I was searching
for the truth.
I needed to get down
to the bottom line
of what these things are
and what they were doing.
And through her research,
I was able to find out.
Basically, I read her
book, "The Secret War,"
and it changed my
life completely.
And I feel like it equipped
me with the spiritual weapons
that I needed to fight
against whatever it was.
And I now feel
like I'm weaponized
because of her research.
And so when something
does happen,
I can stop it right away.
And it rarely happens anymore
because like once they know,
the dark forces know
that you know their game,
they aren't going
to mess with you.
So I'm grateful.
She changed my life and
she's like family to me now.
>>NOORY: How did you
change your life, Heidi?
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
Melissa--
>>NOORY: What did you do?
>>HOLLIS: She was
actually the first person
that contacted me to let me know
that my book, "The Secret War,"
made a difference.
She read it.
And she put up her spiritual
fists and laid down the law
because she was experiencing
these at a crazy level.
The shadow people and
the hat man phenomenon.
It let me know that I
was on the right track
and that I was explaining
things the best way.
Because when I first
was stepping out there,
people thought this was sci-fi.
What are shadow people?
What is this lady talking about?
But I did my best to be clear
and not be shy to say, "Look,
there's a dark source and
there's a light source.
And they are really
battling over us.
And it sounds again,
I keep saying cliche,
but it is what it is."
It's real.
I've interviewed near-death
experience researchers
and everything's love and light.
It's all these
positive experiences.
I said, "Yeah, but I want
to hear about the not so
positive experiences."
>>NOORY: You want
the dark stuff.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
And I said, "What
are they saying?"
And they had no idea
about my background.
They said, "Well,
that's interesting
because they see this man in
a three-piece suit and a hat."
I said, "I thought so."
So hat man is showing up
in near-death experiences.
Some of these more negative
alien beings too that
infiltrate people,
they are also being
seen at the end of
people's tunnels
when they're having their
near-death experiences.
Just ask around
and keep your ears
peeled for the truth of it.
I could talk about this
stuff all day but not
until you go out and
ask the right questions.
Do you know this
is a real pattern?
>>NOORY: On your podcast,
"Dark Becomes Light,"
you deal with this a lot?
>>HOLLIS: I do.
I deal with a lot of different
topics, everything from aliens
to Bigfoot.
But nine times out of 10,
people are contacting me
about shadow people
and hat man because I
started this whole
craze out there but--
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
It's been really rewarding.
People really help others
by sharing their stories.
And I welcome people to.
The more details the better
because it's in the details
that we see the patterns.
I don't have all the
answers and we're all
learning together, right?
If anybody says they have
all the answers, run.
That's what I tell.
>>NOORY: And feet
don't fail me now.
>>HOLLIS: Right, exactly.
So keep humble.
>>NOORY: What advice
would you give
people who are being
harassed by these entities?
>>HOLLIS: I tell people
to go through their homes
and methodically bless
their home, their space,
and to keep it with them no
matter where they're going.
Because it's like you're
a target, always a target.
And it needs to be corrected.
>>NOORY: Are we winning?
>>HOLLIS: Oh.
Right now, it's looking
rough, I have to say.
>>NOORY: Oh, gosh.
>>HOLLIS: But that's why I'm
up against the wall sometimes,
and what it is that I'm doing.
Putting word out
there a certain way.
People are putting
word out there
hoping to make a buck or
something, or get a TV show.
I don't know what
motivates people.
I'm doing it trying
to help people
be OK so when their time
comes, they know what to do.
Because it's not just a
possibility you'll see
these things, it's a threat.
And they really are
on that hunt for you.
And as times are changing
as we can all tell,
it's getting really real.
And I hope that
people will reach out
to me through my
site, shadowfolks.com
or heidihollis.com and tell me
what's going on because we're
all paying attention.
We're all trying to
do this the right way.
>>NOORY: Do these entities know
that there's people like you
out there to fight them?
>>HOLLIS: Oh gosh, yes.
I'm not at liberty
to say but let's just
say I was approached.
I had an appointment,
physician appointment.
They knew my background
and fidgeting.
And they go, "I need to talk
to you about something."
And here they were having
shadow people in their home.
And their kid woke up
with scratch marks.
And I said, "Oh no.
Were they three
little marks scratch?"
>>NOORY: Why do they scratch?
>>HOLLIS: It's a
mocking of the Trinity.
There are three little scratch
marks, look like a cat scratch.
And it's just a mock.
And it's that one person
that they're marking.
That's who they're going for.
>>NOORY: If somebody wakes up
in the morning with scratches
and has no recollection of what
happened, what do you suggest?
>>HOLLIS: I tell people
there's something in their home
that they need to clear out.
That it has to be done and
dealt with because otherwise,
it's going to progress.
And the goal is to possess.
It really is to
possess and to own.
>>NOORY: Is it to kill?
>>HOLLIS: I think they can.
I think they can.
Those people don't get back
to me that have been killed.
But there's been a
lot of people who
felt like they were about to die
when they had their soul ripped
out of their bodies.
They have had a really
hard time getting back
after hat man did such a thing.
And when--
>>NOORY: Were these
entities once human?
>>HOLLIS: Not those.
No.
>>NOORY: Neither one of them?
Shadow people.
>>HOLLIS: Shadow people.
>>NOORY: Hat man.
>>HOLLIS: Hat man.
>>NOORY: Never human.
>>HOLLIS: They're
not even from here.
No.
But they possess and they
take the form of others.
And in fact, one of the
things that hat man is doing
is recruiting.
So people tell me, "My
hat man had dreadlocks.
My hat man was freckled
with red hair."
I was like, "That's
not hat man."
>>NOORY: Who were
they recruiting?
Humans?
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Oh boy.
>>HOLLIS: Essentially,
building an army.
>>NOORY: That's
just what we need.
>>HOLLIS: Oh.
It's so bad.
And when they write
me to say, "Look.
Hat man showed me
how to reap souls."
I was like, "Oh no."
And it's just horrific.
So bad.
>>NOORY: Are you
happy for the future?
>>HOLLIS: I am because--
>>NOORY: You're not concerned?
>>HOLLIS: Guess
what's on the rise?
Jesus encounters.
Sightings of angels as well.
So is this the battle
of all battles going on?
I think that--
>>NOORY: The angelic sightings
offset the other ones?
>>HOLLIS: I think so.
I do.
I really do.
I wish I got more
of those but there's
a lot of books being
written and a lot
of talk about these encounters,
and definitely, a balance.
And well, we know who
wins in the end, right?
It's always the good guy.
And there's a new book
I'm working on right now
that's going to
talk more on that.
>>NOORY: You let us
know when it's done.
>>HOLLIS: Oh, yeah.
It's getting
interesting, George.
>>NOORY: Your podcast, you
can hear on the iHeart Radio
Network?
>>HOLLIS: Yes, "Dark Becomes
Light" on Coast to Coast.
Yeah.
The Podcast Network, it's going
great and I love doing it.
It's so rewarding.
And the people need
to have that shoulder
to lean on and just say,
"Hey, this is what I'm seeing.
This is what I'm experiencing."
And try to go
through those steps
because they sometimes want
to know why it started.
I moved into this
home, I renovated it.
>>NOORY: There may
never be a why.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
It's not important.
It's like, so what?
Their time is up.
Sometimes these people
get crazy nightmares
like the physician
I was talking about.
Crazy nightmares just
before I'm walking in
because they knew they were
going to talk to me about it.
And they never had
nightmares like this before.
So these things
know when somebody
is going to come and touch
with me or something.
And I take it as a
compliment, to be honest.
If hat man's coming
every night to somebody,
I'm like, "Wow, who are you
that they're working so hard?"
I really do.
>>NOORY: Heidi, Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>HOLLIS: Thank you
so much, George.
This is a pleasure.
>>NOORY: It's
great to know we've
got people like Heidi
Hollis out there to battle
evil like the shadow people and
the hat man, and protect us.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]